BUGS
- in edit mode, when playhead is behind last sample of newly selected track for playing, the track will start playing from 0 instead of playing silence. seams to be a libsndfile issue, may be worked around using extra seek calls.
- starting 2 instances of meterec with the same session name is possible but behavior is unpredicatable.
- second instance of meterec does not start playback if transport already rolling due to a first instance of meterec.
- OVR record mode seams to need lock to perform properly. observed bounce in audio recorded without lock...
- live update of the locks is not immediate sometimes
- seams cracks in audio breaks jackd (may not be linked to meterec)
x meterec crashes when trying to automatically connect to ports - http://lists.jackaudio.org/private.cgi/jack-devel-jackaudio.org/2012-August/009907.html
x store/load of index time not reliable (index drift load after load) - sample to time conversion problem.
x failure to read configuration file breaks jackd
x meter goes over 0db limit (by 1 char) - NOT A BUG this shows click for signals going over 0db.
x sometimes need to hit return twice to start recording - NOT A BUG this is because playback is ongoing
x Exiting on error should properly close ncurses window...
x problem with "not take yet" information
x port map trailing spaces
x missing index a end of line when saving session/setup
x record mode broken in 0.5 - the n_takes was updated too often in load_setup()

FEATURES
x use '/' and '*' to clear upper or lower loop bound.
x ability to edit names from the interface.
x rework port connections so self connect does not need to be ordered
x allow ports to be connected when they get available
x add a connection manager page
- allow alsa volume control
x use indexes to make playback loop
x support jack session save
x interact with jack transport
- add option to stop and exit after a provided time
x allow contiguous takes during record (for long live concerts) hiting BKSP
x convert old configuration files to .mrec
x use only one configuration file .mrec
x should rework buffer handling to start over immediately on playback and record. (maybe pre-fill read-buffer)
x add a way to detect clicks (saturation)
- enhance click detection to be raised exactly when value 1.0f is reached.
- enhance click detection to show "ecretage"
- integrate a tuner (use tuneit or lingot) with a single key to select what port to tune
x toggle pass tru on a keystroke, this is to avoid larsen when playback 
- toggle pass tru (using hw monitor) - see what "use HW mon" of jackd does.
- center meterec in the console verticaly, this is not to be bothered by bad/misstuned screens not displaying whole console
- center meterec in the console horizontaly...
x Option to produce in stdout template file based on system...
x Add creation of empty session file if file does not exists.
- Add support for compensating internal delays ( move initial position of process read buf pos)
- Beware on internal timing compensation for overdub mode ( nunless overdub is a dub + extra connection - bof, will record twice the new take)
x free all alooacated memory before leaving
x colorise meters that will be recorded
x Add ncurse support
x remove decibel mode
x implement Overdub mode
x replace P with X
x Use .conf file only for setting up number of ports + connections
x .sess file ony to register the track mapping
x Add playback level meter
x Add portmap file for handling connections to system/ports
x Change take file name to be sessionname_xxx.wav
x Modify Record mode not to play
x Add overdub mode
x Add dub mode
x support case unsensitive in .conf

=XX|01
=-L|02
R--|03
O--|04
D--|05 
=--|06
=--|07
=--|08


P----0Oo.--------------0Oo.----------
R-------0Oo.--------------0Oo.----------

P-0Oo.--------------0Oo.----------
R----0Oo.--------------0Oo.----------
